1. Create the App without Minitest Framework: rails new workout_app -T
2. Install RSpec & Capybara
3. Add Rspec Feature: Creating Home Page
4. Add guard-rspec and spring-commands-rspec
5. Add bootstrap-sass
6. Add devise user model
7. Create signup user feature spec
8. Create signin user feature spec
9. Create signout user feature spec
10. Add Devise Views
11. Devise error mesasges and flash messages: devise_error_messages! 
12. Implement exercises: 
		* Exercises will have Duration, Workout Details, Date
		*	Will belong to users, there's no point in having exercises without users since users will be creating the workouts.
		* Should have a new workout link to add them to users.
		*	There should be a lounge area for the users once they login where they can see their exercises.
13. Exercises Validations:
		* Duration cannot be blank
		* Workout Details cannot be blank
		* Activity Date cannot be blank
14. Add jquery-ui date-picker
15. Implement exercises listing feature spec and exercise listing page
16. Add workout graphs, to make the workout listing page more intuitive.
		* 3rd party libraries added to vendor/assets/javascripts/:
			+ morris.js and morris.css
			+ raphael.js
			+ turbolinks: page:change event
17. Add editing_exercise_spec and edit exercise feature.
18. Add deleting_exercise_spec and delet exercise functionality.
19. List all the Users' full_name on the dashboard index page.
20. Add first_name & last_name to users, extend registrations_controller
21. Add Validations to User's First name, Last name, email
22. Add Pagination to users and customize with will_paginate-bootstrap
23. Add athlete search facility in the navbar, define routes, controller action search.
